Below is a list of bugs, features, and thoughts that needs to be verified within the app before it is ready for final production / shipping
- Locations via the admin page need to be able to be sorted by location name and the date added to the application. This can be done similarly to how windows file manager does it, where the columns on the page are interactable. Clicking them orders the list, clicking again, reverses the list, and a final click reverts it to the original state. This goes for both data added and alphabetically by name. 
- location admin page needs to have a searchbar for the main user. The list of locations will update as the search is inputted. 
- Location admin page needs to be sortable based on category and country of origin. 
- Country of origin for each location needs to be saved as its own column in the location table in the database. Nee3d to update location adding functions to pull country of origin from google locations and add to suggestion form autofill. 
- make sure that the autofilled fields cannot be changed once field is autofilled. 
- suggestions need to automatically deleted 48 hours after they have been approved or declined. This needs to be an efficient process, so it can run once a day at midnight or something. 
- when connecting videos to locations, there needs to be a better menu. A searchable dropdown menu needs to exist so the user can scroll and search for locations. When a location is selected, it is added to the video card as a single box with the location name. When user selects a location from the list, the location is highlighted within the list and is added to the video card. This process shall mimick how workday allows users to add skills to their profile. 
- make sure videos can only be connected to visited locations. 
- when lists of locations appear, such as when being added to a video, the country of origin needs to appear on the string to help narrow down and specify location. 
- video links need to appear on location map pin card. This shall appear as a list of hyperlinks. By clicking the link, the user will open the youtube video in a different browser tab. The hyperlink text will show the video name. 
- admin page needs to have a place to update the website as a whole. There needs the ability to change the website name, website subheaders, page subheaders, add or remove social media button from the homepage, ability to add the account hyperlink to each social media button, change the paragraph on the about page, change the video shown on the about page, change the photos on the photography page. 
- on the location page, the user needs a way to both add a single location via google maps url as well as mass import locations. This can be done via a json file, xml file, or a link to a list of locations on google maps. File upload needs to be safe, have file validation. Once file is loaded and read, user needs to see the complete list of locations for manual validation before inserting new locations into database. This manual check view needs to allow user to edit and update each individual location. 
- need to be able to efficiently and performatively handle 600+ pins on the map. Not sure how to do this, whether by grouping pins in a specific manner or what. 
- when user clicks on a pin, the location map card opens, then the user clicks back onto the map, the location pin card needs to disappear. 
- video count metric on aabout page needs to come straight from youtube or admin manually controlled. If from youtube, this needs to be checked and updated in a way that is efifcient, and does not require a query to the database each time. Needs to be effiecient. Needs to be able to look up the youtube account and get how many videos have been publsihed on the channel. If controlled manually, need an input field which allows the user to control the count. 
- Country count should be done based off of the total number of countries which have been visited. This needs to be performance based, and should not be a constant query to get all visited locations from locations table and get count of all unique based on country. This is inefficeint and a better way needs to be used. 
- Admin page needs to utilize specific, efifcient database queries or views. 
- all input fields, both for normal users and admin, need to be XSS secure
- all input fields, for both normal users and admin, need to make sure database queries / database hacking cannot be inputted into an input field. 
- all URL input fields need to make sure that they only query google urls, so users cannot force the site to access some infected webserver. 
- as a joke, there needs to be a resource, location, or page on the website which rick rolls the users. Should be slightly hard to find. Think of an easter egg. 
- ability to set colors / category names from the admin page. This fields probably will not be changed often, if at all, but admin still needs to be able to update these features without having to make a code change. 
- Does each pin on the map need to be a separate resource so users can share each location via URL? If this will result in a ton of refacturing, then do not implement this feature. 
- A search feature needs to be added and tested on the map for all users. Pin lcoations will appear and disappear dynamically on the map based on user input. If this feature is too difficult, drastically reduces performance, or requires refacturing, do not implement. Search should be country and location name keyword related. 
- admin page needs to have metrics, such as daily users in a 24 hour period, top 5 most recommended locations, top 5 suggested locations, total number of user accounts, is there a way to monitor which videos / locations with videos, get the most clicks? need to understand which locations and content are the most interesting to users. If suggestions will be grouped by thew number of times a specific location has been suggested, will suggestions or reminders need to be handled differently in the database? 